README.md, before:

# ked

`ked` is a text editor for the terminal. It is purpose-built for myself
as a code editor embedded in `tmux`.

## shortcuts

Presently the only way to change keyboard shortcuts is by editing the
code. As ked is built with Go without many dependencies, recompiling
is trivial.

The hardcoded keyboard shortcuts are the following:

  * `Ctrl+C` exits the editor and also cancels dialogs
  * `Ctrl+W` saves the buffer
  * `Ctrl+S` searches the buffer (use `Ctrl+S` to jump through results)
  * `Alt+Left` and `Alt+Right` jump over wordish things
  * `Ctrl+A` and `Ctrl+E` move cursor to beginning and end of present line
  * `Ctrl+G` jumps to a specific line
  * `PageUp` and `PageDown` move, well, a single page up or down
  * `Ctrl+K` deletes from cursor to the end of line; also deletes empty lines
  * `Alt+Backspace` deletes current word
  * `Ctrl+_` undos recent actions
  * `Tab` inserts one tab character to cursor position
  * `Shift+Tab` (`Backtab`) removes one level of tabulation from line beginning
  * `Alt+Up` and `Alt+Down` jump to the previous or next empty line
  * `Ctrl+P` displays the buffer selection dialog
  * `Ctrl+F` displays the file-open dialog
  * `Alt+F` closes the current buffer

## save hooks

The command-line parameter `-savehook` may be used to specify a command-line,
which is automatically run after a buffer is saved to a file. To make the
mechanism more useful, all references to `__ABSPATH__` in `-savehook` will be
replaced with the current file's absolute path. Thus the final invocation will
be like `/bin/sh -c <savehook-value-with-abspath-expansion>`. If the command
returns successfully, `ked` will reload the buffer's contents from the file.

For example, `gofmt` can be used to autoformat buffers upon saving:

    $ ked -savehook 'gofmt -w __ABSPATH__'

Above we assume that `gofmt` will be found in the path. Note the `-w`
parameter to `gofmt` which asks for the formatted file to be written directly
to the file given as an argument.

Commit message:

README: clang-format works nicely, too

README.md, after:

# ked

`ked` is a text editor for the terminal. It is purpose-built for myself
as a code editor embedded in `tmux`.

## shortcuts

Presently the only way to change keyboard shortcuts is by editing the
code. As ked is built with Go without many dependencies, recompiling
is trivial.

The hardcoded keyboard shortcuts are the following:

  * `Ctrl+C` exits the editor and also cancels dialogs
  * `Ctrl+W` saves the buffer
  * `Ctrl+S` searches the buffer (use `Ctrl+S` to jump through results)
  * `Alt+Left` and `Alt+Right` jump over wordish things
  * `Ctrl+A` and `Ctrl+E` move cursor to beginning and end of present line
  * `Ctrl+G` jumps to a specific line
  * `PageUp` and `PageDown` move, well, a single page up or down
  * `Ctrl+K` deletes from cursor to the end of line; also deletes empty lines
  * `Alt+Backspace` deletes current word
  * `Ctrl+_` undos recent actions
  * `Tab` inserts one tab character to cursor position
  * `Shift+Tab` (`Backtab`) removes one level of tabulation from line beginning
  * `Alt+Up` and `Alt+Down` jump to the previous or next empty line
  * `Ctrl+P` displays the buffer selection dialog
  * `Ctrl+F` displays the file-open dialog
  * `Alt+F` closes the current buffer

## save hooks

The command-line parameter `-savehook` may be used to specify a command-line,
which is automatically run after a buffer is saved to a file. To make the
mechanism more useful, all references to `__ABSPATH__` in `-savehook` will be
replaced with the current file's absolute path. Thus the final invocation will
be like `/bin/sh -c <savehook-value-with-abspath-expansion>`. If the command
returns successfully, `ked` will reload the buffer's contents from the file.

For example, `gofmt` and `clang-format` may be used to autoformat buffers upon
saving:

    $ ked -savehook 'gofmt -w __ABSPATH__'
	$ ked -savehook 'clang-format -i __ABSPATH__'

Above we assume that `gofmt` and `clang-format` will be found in the path.
Note the `-w` and `-i` parameters, respectively, which are used to enable
formatting the files on disk instead of standard I/O.
